@includeCached directive (#18)
rapidez/blade-directives: README.md

</div>
```

### @includeCached

> Just like [`@include`](https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/blade#including-subviews) but cached. Everything returned will be cached with [`Cache::flexible()`](https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/cache#swr) for 5 minutes; and refreshed in the background until it expires after 24 hours. After that it will be refreshed as it's normally working. The cache key is a combination of the view name and the current slugified url. That way this can be used with multisite setups:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just like [`@include`](https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/blade#including-subviews) but cached. Everything returned will be cached with [`Cache::flexible()`](https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/cache#swr) for 5 minutes; and refreshed in the background until it expires after 24 hours. After that it will be refreshed as usual. The cache key is a combination of the view name and the current slugified url. That way this can be used with multisite setups:
```

```
include-cache::site-{ Str::slug(url('/')) }-{ $viewName }'
```

#### Usage

```blade
@includeCached('view.name')
```

#### Notes

> Keep in mind that any dynamic things within the view will not be executed when cached. For example `@push`, see [Blade Stacks](https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/blade#stacks). Also [Blade Icons Deferring](https://github.com/blade-ui-kit/blade-icons#deferring-icons) doesn't work, you've to use these things outside the cached include!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Keep in mind that any dynamic things within the view will not be executed when cached. For example `@push`, see [Blade Stacks](https://laravel.com/docs/11.x/blade#stacks). Also [Blade Icons Deferring](https://github.com/blade-ui-kit/blade-icons#deferring-icons) doesn't work, you have to use these things outside the cached include!
```
